docs(upgrade-guide): add info about missing components (#17160)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/getting-started/upgrade-guide.md

<alert type="warning">

  This page is incomplete. Please check back later for more information, or submit a PR if you notice something missing. If you have additional questions, reach out to us in [Discord](https://community.vuetifyjs.com/)
  

>   Addtionally, not all components available for Vuetify 2 have been migrated to Vuetify 3. Most notibly the v-data-table. However, some are available in [Vuetify Labs](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/labs/introduction/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Additionally, not all components available for Vuetify 2 have been migrated to Vuetify 3; most notably the v-data-table. However, some are available in [Vuetify Labs](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/labs/introduction/). 
```
